 Codepen HTML / CSS Assignment:

 https://codepen.io/billkramer/pen/RwwLoRj?editors=1100
 
 
    1. What is Semantic HTML?
    Semantic HTML adds meaning to a webpage.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    For markup and structuring of a webpage

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Attributes provide more information about an element (we put it in an element.)

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    H1 tag is the most important tag on a page, to be used usually once. It is to label the title or what the page is about. 

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    input, select

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    Usually title

    7. What is an id?
    An ID is used to identify a specific element

    8. What elements can I add an id to?
    Certain items you would like to select in CSS. No need to add to all.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Once

    10. What is a class?
    Specifies an element, puts them in the same group as others to be edited together equally.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Divs among others. 

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    As many as needed. 

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    Add this to an anchor tag : target="_blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    Provides info about something (photo, etc) if it cannot be displayed to the viewer.

    15. How do I reference an id?
    The hachtag or pound and the id (#idName)

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    Div for styling, section for sectioning/ readability

    17. What is CSS used for?
    Styling a webpage 

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    just call on it (h2{})

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    classes are used multiple times, id is used only once , class is used when grouping , id for specificity

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    With a period then the class (.class)

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    Selects all elements that are a child of the parent. 

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar{}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    a keyword added to a selector (like :hover)

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    CAPITALS is uppercase, lowercase is lowercase and Capitalize is capitalize

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: 1px dotted black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page?
    body *

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /*

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
    git status

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    del , it deletes it forever

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    It records changes to a file, and you can go back and see changes / where you went wrong. 

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Every 20 minutes or so. I need to commit now actually!

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
    git push 

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    fork, add TL, clone, create branch, push, pull request, add TL to pull request



Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    an inline element does not cause a line break, and does not run the length of the page, a block element does.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    the element's position is fixed, and will not be moved by use of tools

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
    Not sure :( 

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    Block by default: <p> <h1> <h2> , Inline by default: big, small, span

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
    A box that wraps around every html element, not sure. 
